# CAN2Cluster Sound Files
### Purpose:
This project uses wave files that provide authentic engine rev sounds. 
It also has several voice messages that are spoken when the remote feature is used. The voice is North American English (female).

### Useful Information:
The audio is generated by a DFPlayer Mini MP3 Sound Module. This module requires a micro SD card for file storage. 

The audio feature is optional. The sound module can be omitted which also requires that its software functions be disabled. 
Disabling it requires an edit to the Arduino Config.h file (see the file's MP3PLAYER section).

### Audio Files:
Unzip the `CAN2ClusterAudio.zip` wave files (with directory structure) to your local hard drive.

### Wave File Installation
It is important to begin with an empty micro SD card (1GB-32GB) that is FAT32 formatted. Confirm that no files are on the card.  

Follow these steps to configure the directories and sound files:
1.  MP3 Directory
* Create a directory on the SD Card named **MP3**.
* Go to your local drive and copy the `MP3/0001.wav` file to the SD Card's MP3 directory.
* Repeat this for each file in the local MP3 directory. The copy action must follow the numerical sequence of file names. That 
is to say, next copy `0002.wav`, then `0003.wav`, and so on. Do not copy them out of sequence!
2. ADVERT Directory
* Create a directory on the SD Card named **ADVERT**.
* Copy the files in the local ADVERT directory to the SD Card. As before, copy them in numerical sequence, 
starting with `ADVERT/0001.wav`.

